so far more than 900 Israelis are said
to have been killed in the past few days
and Israel's response has been Swift
thousands of air strikes and Gaza is now
cut off from all essential services
including electricity water and
food inside Gaza it looks every bit as
if Palestinians are feeling the full
force of Israeli military power Israel
says Hamas is responsible for the
suffering of gaza's
civilians and its retaliation for the
Hamas attacks has only just begun Hamas
has threatened to start killing its
Israeli
hostages the air strikes rolled on hour
after
hour Palestinian armed groups and
deterred kept up their own barrage of
Israel rockets in the air rockets in the
air Rockets Rock our BBC team was in
ashalon in southern Israel not far from
the Gaza border when a salvo came
in ashalon is so close to Gaza that
there is no more than a 10-second
warning Israel is moving in more
Firepower the next stage of the
offensive against Hamas looks certain to
be a ground offensive much bigger than
other incursions since Hass took over in
Gaza in
2007 lines of cars outside a military
base on the road to Gaza were parked by
reservists as they reported for Duty
getting
ready saying their
goodbyes parents came to the base for a
few minutes with their sons we're
praying and hope for the
best and it's tough times now and now
we're telling him to try and uh
concentrate on his
mission
um without uh thinking too much about
the other friends that got injured or
killed Israel's prime minister Benjamin
neton Yahoo broadcast to his
Nation he said Hamas has made a mistake
of historic
proportions we will he said exact a
price that will be remembered by them
and Israel's other enemies
for
decades and now Israelis are waiting for
their government and army to act stat
the Israeli Town closest to Gaza
littered with the debris of War felt
like the essence of Israel's trauma
almost deserted except for security
forces Hamas has rocketed stot for years
but never before stormed in at the
center of the Hamas killing ground was
the police station they broke in and
used it as a fire base to shoot
civilians as well as
soldiers blood from Israel's dead and
wounded smears the
walls even here in what is always a
Frontline town for Israelis this was not
supposed to happen they expected their
military backed up by the intelligence
services to protect them and the fact
that that didn't happen means that
recriminations but who might be
responsible have already started but at
the same time there is a strong sense of
national Unity with the country under
attack about what happens next in the
places that Hamas attacked Israeli
military as well as the few civilians
left are jumpy still shocked a ground
defensive didn't feel
imminent and in Gaza a few miles away
casualties come into the main hospital
the first few hundred of many any more
it will get worse Palestinians and
Israelis once more caught on the Anvil
of war in a conflict a century old that
is as deadly as it's ever
been and here in ashalon this evening so
far it seems a little bit quieter and
also I'm not hearing the same level of
explosions coming from Gaza as during
the hours of daylight but
I don't think they will have at all a
quiet night I think on this side
Israelis they're waiting to see what
their government does next it feels
almost like a a lull though back near
Gaza troops are jumpy certainly pointing
their weapons at our cars as we
approached uh their checkpoints because
they are still concerned there could be
Hamas people on the loose and in Gaza I
think there must be an immense sense of
trepidation among civilians and as for
Hamas well they must have expected a
response like this to the enormity of
what they did so perhaps they are
prepared who knows